NETOBSERV-2545: Add quick filters for external traffic (#2271)
netobserv/network-observability-operator: docs/FlowCollector.md

        <td><b><a href="#flowcollectorspecprocessorsubnetlabelscustomlabelsindex">customLabels</a></b></td>
        <td>[]object</td>
        <td>
          `customLabels` allows you to customize subnets and IPs labeling, such as to identify cluster external workloads or web services.
External subnets must be labeled with the prefix `EXT:`, or not labeled at all, in order to work with default quick filters and some metrics examples provided.<br/>

> If `openShiftAutoDetect` is disabled or you are not using OpenShift, it is recommended to configure manually labels for the cluster subnets, to distinguish internal traffic from external traffic.<br/>

Author: done

> If `openShiftAutoDetect` is enabled, `customLabels` overrides the detected subnets when they overlap.<br/><br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `openShiftAutoDetect` is enabled, `customLabels` overrides the detected subnets if there is overlap.<br/><br/>
```
